README.md, before:

# LWC RecordtType PicklistValue Selector
Lightning Web Component for Salesforce platform allowing front-end selection of an Object Picklist value, restricted by RecordType.

## Challenge
In Salesforce Setup picklist values can be restricted per RecordType.
Allowing distinction in business processes and guiding an end-user through that particulr process.

Unfortunately, those restrictions aren't always satisfied by Salesforce, e.g. in:

* Dynamic Picklist Choices in Lightning Flows

## Solution
This Lightning Web Component retrieves and displays the picklist values which are valid for the provided RecordTypeId,
independent of Object and Field. 

The LWC is enabled for usage in a Flow Screens and Record Pages, but can be easily extended.

Lastly, the component includes a Validation message when no Picklist value was selected (to make it required).
The Custom Label should be provided for this one.

### Input:

| Variable | Description |
| --- | --- |
| ObjectName | API name of Object |
| FieldName | API name of the Picklist Field on the corresponding Object |
| RecordTypeId | Id of RecordType to restrict the picklist values with (e.g. from current record, or retrieved to create new record ) |

### Output:

| Variable | Description |
| --- | --- |
| FieldValue | Value returned |

## Screenshots

Configuration in Flow, configuring input and output variables.
* The input in the screenshot is purely for documentation purposes to show the correct format.
* NEVER put hard-coded (RecordType) Ids, always retrieve dynamically from a record {!sObj_Account.RecordTypeId} or from server {!Get_RetrieveRecordType.Id}.

![Initial screen](screenshots/RecordTypePicklistValueSelector_FlowConfig.png)

Example of Industry picklist value for Business Accounts
![Example with validation](screenshots/RecordTypePicklistValueSelector_FlowDebug_InclValidation.png)

![Restricted picklist values](screenshots/RecordTypePicklistValueSelector_RecordType.png)

Commit message:

2020-06-16: Enrich component with isRequired and errorMessage input parameters
* recordTypePicklistValues.html: Conditional required input
* recordTypePicklistValues.js: Adding new input parameters, conditional validation (message) & minor syntax changes
* recordTypePicklistValues.js-meta.xml: Updating input parameters (set integer for proper ordering in Builders)
* README.md: Added input parameters and included Salesforce IDEA

README.md, after:

# LWC RecordtType PicklistValue Selector
Lightning Web Component for Salesforce platform allowing front-end selection of an Object Picklist value, restricted by RecordType.

## Challenge
In Salesforce Setup picklist values can be restricted per RecordType.
Allowing distinction in business processes and guiding an end-user through that particulr process.

Unfortunately, those restrictions aren't always satisfied by Salesforce, e.g. in:

* Dynamic Picklist Choices in Lightning Flows ([SF Idea](https://success.salesforce.com/ideaView?id=08730000000cFUuAAM))

## Solution
This Lightning Web Component retrieves and displays the picklist values which are valid for the provided RecordTypeId,
independent of Object and Field. 

The LWC is enabled for usage in a Flow Screens and Record Pages, but can be easily extended.

Lastly, the component includes a Validation message when no Picklist value was selected (to make it required).
The Custom Label should be provided for this one.

### Input:

| Variable | Description |
| --- | --- |
| objectName | API name of Object |
| fieldName | API name of Picklist Field on corresponding Object |
| recordTypeId | Id of RecordType to restrict picklist values with (e.g. retrieve from current record, or retrieved to create new record ) |
| isRequired | Whether input field is required |
| errorMessage | Error message to show in front-end when field required and not provided (e.g. retrieve from CustomLabel via Formula) |

### Output:

| Variable | Description |
| --- | --- |
| FieldValue | Value returned |

## Screenshots

Configuration in Flow, configuring input and output variables.
* The input in the screenshot is purely for documentation purposes to show the correct format;
* NEVER put hard-coded (RecordType) Ids, always retrieve dynamically from a record {!sObj_Account.RecordTypeId} or from server {!Get_RetrieveRecordType.Id};
* Likewise it is recommended to fetch a CustomLabel in Flow and provide that into the component.

![Initial screen](screenshots/RecordTypePicklistValueSelector_FlowConfig.png)

Example of Industry picklist value for Business Accounts
![Example with validation](screenshots/RecordTypePicklistValueSelector_FlowDebug_InclValidation.png)

![Restricted picklist values](screenshots/RecordTypePicklistValueSelector_RecordType.png)
